RCM-522 Meem As’hal - Completed Installments APPROVED
 MeeM Ashal - Completed Installments 
As a Logged-in customer has the primary credit card AND 
(Active) Completed MeeM Ashal's Cancelled AND ( OR 
MeeM Ashal's)
 I, tap on History tab When 
, I should be View the completed/cancelled MeeM Then
 Ashal Transactions
 Completed / Cancelled Installments Display
 - The system should list all fully paid Meem As’hal installment plans under the History tab.
 - The system should also display for  failed cancelled transactions (Missed Payment)
 under History tab
 - Each completed installment should have a Completed tag, and Cancelled transaction 
should have failed  tag Cancelled
 Viewing Completed Installments
 - Tapping on a completed installment should open its detailed view.
 - The detailed view should display - Merchant Name & Logo, Total Transaction Amount, 
Remaining Amount Progress Bar (should show 100% paid), Final installment payment 
date
 - Installment Breakdown
    a The system should show the installment breakdown, similar to active plans:
        a1. Each payment amount with its corresponding payment date.
        a2. All payments should be marked as paid (green ticked off).
 - Early Settlement Display (If Applicable)
    a. If the user made an early settlement, the Installment Details Section should display - 
Early Settlement Date, Early Settlement Amount, 
    b. The Payments Section should reflect the prepayment with the final installment 
updated accordingly.
 Viewing Cancelling Installments
 - Tapping on a cancelled installment should open its detailed view.
 - The detailed view should display - Merchant Name & Logo, Total Transaction Amount, 
Status(failed), Remaining Amount Progress Bar (should show X% paid), Final installment 
payment date
 -  All completed payments should be marked as paid (green ticked off) and Cancelled 
Payments should be marked as Cancelled (Close mark) and pending payments should 
be greyed out.

RCM-523 Meem As’hal - Active Installments & Partial Payment APPROVED
MeeM Ashal - Active Installments & Outstanding Payment 
As a Logged-in customer has  AND 
the primary credit card(Active) o AND 
n-going MeeM Ashals
 I, tap on Active tab When 
, I should be View the ongoing Then
 MeeM Ashal Transactions
 Active Installment Display
 - The system should list all ongoing Meem As’hal installment plans under the Active tab.
 - Each active installment should display - Merchant Name & Logo, Total Transaction Amount, Next Payment 
Date (displayed prominently), Remaining Balance (shown as a progress bar with percentage paid)
 Installment Details
 - Tapping an active installment should navigate to its detailed view.
 -  Quick view section should display Merchant Name & Logo, Total Transaction Amount, Remaining Balance 
(shown as a progress bar with percentage paid)
 - The detailed view should include - From & To Dates of the installment plan, Breakdown of Installments - Each 
installment amount with corresponding due date, Paid installments marked in green with a tick, The next 
immediate payment highlighted, and Future payments blurred.
 As a Logged-in customer has  AND 
the primary credit card(Active) o AND 
n-going MeeM Ashals
 I, tap on Active tab When 
, I should be View the ongoing Then
 MeeM Ashal Transactions
 Making a Full Payment (Pay Outstanding Balance)
 - The user should be able to pay off the remaining balance via a “Pay Outstanding Balance” button.
 - The user account status should be Active
 - If the user has insufficient funds in their One-Pack account (only One-Pack account eligible), a pop-up should 
appear stating - “Want to make a payment? You need at least X amount in your account to complete the 
payment.”
 - The pop-up should have an Add Money button linking to the Add Money flow.
 - If the user has sufficient funds the system should navigate to the Payment Summary screen, displaying - 
Merchant Name & Logo, Remaining Amount to be Paid, Fees & VAT, Payment Account (only One-Pack 
account eligible)
 -  Payment details section should display the "No. of months to pay" based on the unpaid paid months.
 - . The user should be able to Swipe to Pay
 
Payment Authentication
 - The payment should require authentication depending on the amount - No authentication or OTP 
authentication or OTP + Passcode authentication
 - Upon successful authentication, the user should see a success message with - “Your payment was made 
successfully.", A View Receipt button, Redirections to Home or Meem As’hal Page.
 Success
  - Upon successful outstanding payment, Transaction should be moved under history section

RCM-524 Meem As’hal - Eligible Transactions APPROVED
 MeeM Ashal - Eligible & Ashal Conversion 
As a Logged-in customer has the primary credit  AND 
card(Active)
 I, access credit card product details screen When 
, I should be View the MeeM Ashal option under Then
 quick action menu
 MeeM As’hal Option Eligibility
 - Application should display meem ashal option, only for the primary credit cards
 - Credit card should be Active
 As a Logged-in customer has the primary credit  AND 
card with eligible card transactions
 I, tap on tap on MeeM Ashal When 
, I should be allowed to view the eligible list of Then
 transactions
 Eligibility Transactions
 - The system should display only transactions eligible for Meem As’hal installments under the 
Eligible tab.
 - Each eligible transaction should display a disclaimer, how long it remains eligible (e.g., 
“Eligible for 10 days” or “Eligible for 48 hours” as it nears expiry).
 - Once a transaction is no longer eligible, it should not appear in the Eligible tab.
 - Transaction details in the list should be similar to the transactions section and only debit 
transaction should be displayed 
 As a Logged-in customer has the primary credit  AND 
card with eligible card transactions
 I, tap on tap on any transactions When 
, I should be allowed to view the Eligible Then
 installment months 
 Installment Month
 - The system should display only eligible months allowed for those transactions (Dynamic 
Values, based on Merchant and Transaction amount)
 - User should be allowed to select any of the options displayed on screen
 - On Selection, System should get the Profit rate, Total Installment month, Monthly 
Installment and Vees & Fat for the selected transaction and installment month
 As a Logged-in customer has the primary credit  AND 
card with eligible card transactions
 I, tap on continue from installment months When 
, I should be allowed to view the Summary Then
 screen proceed with authentication for Ashal AND 
conversion
 Summary & Authentication
 - The system should display the below details
     a. Transaction Amount
     b. Card Details (Card Type, Card Number ) & Name on Card
     c. Installment Details (Number of Months, Profit Rate, Fees, Installment, Total Amount)
     d. Consent - T&C, Commodity 
 - User should be allowed to continue only after the consents are checked. User should be 
able to view the T&C contents by tapping on the link 
 - On swipe, System should get initiate OTP authentication for Ashal conversion
 - User should be allowed to enter the OTP received to the registered mobile number and 
upon successful verification, transaction should be converted to Ashal's
 - System should displayed the success message as "Your Installment are all set" with Home - 
Redirect the customer to dashboard; Go to Cards - Redirect the customer to Product screen
 - Once the transaction is successfully converted to installments, transaction should be moved 
under active section 