RCM-479 Existing Customer Details & Data Validation APPROVED
 Existing Details Validation & Data Update - Application Forms
 As an existing customer trying to apply 
for new credit card 
, When I Tap on Apply from Any of the 
Card Product type
 can Proceed with filling the forms Then, I 
based on the application status 
1. Data availability check and Application Redirection
   - System should confirm the data availability based on the segment (Staff & Non-Staff) and salary details
   - System should check for the fields available under each stage and provide the response to application
      a. Personal Details
         a1. System should check the  with all the fields applicable under personal details asset application
 stage and provide all the values and status as "Personal Details Available - Asset"
         a2. If data is not available in asset application, System should validate the details under contact and 
provide all the values and status as "Personal Details Available - Contact"
         a3. If data is not available in both asset & contact, System should pic e in k for the data's availabl
 . contact and provide the values fetched from system and status as "Personal Details Missing"
      b. Monthly Expenses
         b1. System should check the asset application with all the fields applicable under Monthly and provide 
all the values and status as "Monthly Details Available - Asset"
         b2. If data is not available in Asset, status should be "Monthly Expense Details Missing".
                           
2. All Details Available
    - Application to check the Status in Sequence "Personal Details -> Monthly Expenses -> Review screen"
    - If all the details are available, Redirect the customer to Review screen and populate the fields based on 
the status
 3. Missing Details   
    - Application should validate the stage in which details are missing and redirect the customer to the 
missing  details screen so that customer can fill the missing information 
    - On completion of each stage, Data should be updated in asset application and next stage status should 
be validated, If available - skip the stage, If not Available - Redirect the customer to the next stage
    - Application should populate the fields applicable for the criteria and values accordingly 
   
4. SIMAH expired Scenario
    -  Customer should be asked to fill the form from the beginning and Data should be updated in the system
    -  Rules explained in the above section (If All data Not Available) is applicable 
As an existing customer created an 
application 
, enter all the Missing Information When I
 System have fetched all the details OR 
can Proceed with reviewing the Then, I 
details & Edit the Information 
5. Edit Information from Review 
     - System should allow the customer to edit the values for each stage.
     - On tap of Edit, Application to display all the fields in the single screen, user should be allowed to edit 
and save the changes.
     - After Editing the stage, Customer should be landed to review screen. Customer doesn't have to view all 
the stages again
     - If customer have not reached the review screen, Customer should be allowed fill the details in 
sequence based on the stages mentioned above
 As an existing customer created 
application filled in all the details AND 
, review the filled details  When I AND
 accept the consent tap on continue AND 
can Proceed with reviewing the Then, I 
details & proceed with automated CSR 
4. Ensure the Data Availability 
  - Application should ensure that all the applicable field values are filled before allowing customer to 
proceed with SIMAH Validation 
  - Refer the applicable fields validation sheet for the logics 
  -   RCM-470 CC Application Fields APPROVED
  - Alert the customer to fill the details, if any of the information is missing
  
5. Consent & Confirmation on the data
   - Customer should accept the GOSI Consent and SIMAH Consent for application to enable the continue 
CTA
  -  Customer should have an option to contact customer care through "Contact a Financial Advisor"
  - On Continue, Customer data should be updated in the asset and allow the customer to proceed with the 
SIMAh Validation after adapting the below UI Status
  - Based on the response received from the QARAR(Accept / Refer), CSR Case should be created in asset 
application for authorization

RCM-470 CC Application Fields APPROVED
Stages Fields Applicable - Credit Card Field Rule Field Type No f / n-Staf
 Staff 
Personal 
Information
 Marital Status Mandatory Drop Down Applicable 
Number of Dependents Mandatory Drop Down Applicable 
Level of Education Mandatory Drop Down Applicable 
Additional Monthly Income Mandatory - Atelease Yes / No should be selected Text Field - 
Numeric
 Applicable 
Source of Additional Income Conditional - If Additional Income is Selected as 
"Yes"
 Drop Down Applicable 
Is the income Monthly or annual? Conditional - If Additional Income is Selected as 
"Yes"
 Toggle Applicable
 Additional Income Amount Range Conditional - If Additional Income is Selected as 
"Yes"
 Text Field - 
Numeric
 Applicable
 Are you related or affiliated to a GIB board 
member?
 Mandatory  - At least Yes / No should be selected Text Field
 Living Arrangements Mandatory Drop Down Applicable 
Board Member name Conditional - If "Are you related...." is Selected as 
"Yes"
 Text Field Applicable
 Reference Number Optional Text Field Applicable
 Monthly Expenses Total Expenses Mandatory Text Field - 
Numeric
 Applicable
 Financial Obligations Mandatory Text Field - 
Numeric
 Applicable
 Consent - Check box Mandatory Check Box Applicable